You realize what you're saying?
I'm less worried
about what they've done,
and more worried about what they'll do.
- A second attack?
- Yeah.
I want this.
What're you doing?
I said I'd call you when we're done.
- I need something else.
- [Paulo] Wait, why?
[Maddie screaming] No!
[man] Shut up.
[ominous music playing]
- Can I help you?
- I wanted to show my husband your house.
I grew up here.
Wanna take a look inside?
[man] Found it!
Looks like a lot of Turn Lake's money
went to Vice President Redfield.
Wick wouldn't have known
about Night Action
unless someone
in the White House told him.
Sutherland and the Larkin girl
are onto you and Wick.
I can't deal with this, Diane.
My daughter is missing.
Could you just handle this
the way you promised you would?
What do you wanna do?
I'll have Peter arrested,
isolate him until we can figure out
the best way to silo him off.
[Nathan] Eyes on Sutherland!
You are definitely not my date.
I need you to cancel, man. Do me a solid.
[man groaning]
- [man gasping]
- [Peter grunting]
[woman wailing]
[Erik] I don't give a shit
who's in charge.
All that matters is finding Maddie.
So there is no boss here.
If we can't silence Peter,
maybe we can discredit him.
My daughter was kidnapped last night.
[anchor] The Secret Service
have identified a person of interest
in Maddie's disappearance.
His name is Peter Sutherland, Jr.
[music fades]
[ominous music playing]
- [tender music playing]
- [children giggling]
[swing creaking]
[children giggling]
[Redfield] How're they outraising us?
Okay, listen,
most of our voters barely have broadband,
so I don't care about Internet outreach.
- Dad, I want it.
- [Redfield] I need you to rope me donors.
- [Maddie] Stop.
- Voters don't get people in office.
CEOs do, super PACs do.
So if we can just--
- [girl] No!
- Hold on.
Maddie, give the toy to Sarah.
[Maddie] But it's mine.
Share, or I'll take it away.
Sorry, just wrangling two kids
by myself here.
Sometimes, I'd like to poke myself
in the eye with a hot knife, you know?
No, I'm not gonna say that out loud.
I'm saying it to you.
Sarah?
- No!
- [water splashing]
[Redfield wailing]
[Redfield] Sarah!
[Redfield sobbing]
[Redfield] Maddie!
Maddie!
[somber music playing]
[birds chirping]
Sarah will come back, Daddy.
What do you mean?
Sarah took my doll,
and I wished she'd go away forever.
That's why it happened.
But I can wish her back.
You were supposed to be watching her.
I know. But I can wish her--
That's not how it works, Maddie.
Once you wish someone dead, that's it.
Sarah's gone, understand?
Gone forever.
And you were supposed to be watching her.
[opening theme music playing]
[door creaking open]
[Maddie's breath shuddering]
[footsteps approaching]
[keys jangling]
[lock clicking]
[Maddie] Where am I?
Who are you? What's this all about?
- Tell me.
- Get up.
[tense music playing]
[man] Get up.
Hold the paper.
Front page.
Higher.
Whatever you want,
my father can get it for you.
Just let me talk to him, please?
Please?
What do you want from me?
What do you want from me?!
[seagulls warbling]
[wind blowing]
He didn't even hesitate.
I called him one time.
He was there.
I know, but you would've done
the same for him.
We gotta keep going. If we stop,
a lot of people could get hurt.
- A lot of people have gotten hurt.
- None of that was your fault.
Peter, I wouldn't still be here
if you hadn't come through for me.
Cisco, Lorna,
none of them would want us to give up,
especially my aunt and uncle.
Hearing Lorna talk about them...
they sounded, uh...
They were the best.
I'm sorry.
I don't know
what I'm gonna do without them,
but I know that I'm not gonna give up.
Peter, I'm gonna find the truth,
and I'm gonna finish what they started.
Or we could just...
sail someplace else,
forget about all this shit.
Maybe, but that's not who you are.
Do you remember the first time
when I called Night Action?
What you said to me on the phone,
when I was terrified in that closet?
- No.
- You told me to fight like hell.
And that's what
I need you to do right now.
For me.
[tender music playing]
[table clattering]
[Peter wincing]
Oh my God.
- [Peter panting]
- Are you okay?
- I'm... I'm so sorry.
- Yeah, yeah.
[Peter sighing]
[both laughing]
Oh yeah, I'm good.
[man] Well, the FBI should be proud.
They trained Sutherland so well
in countersurveillance, he's vanished.
I'll pay his college buddies a visit,
see what they know.
Dave's calling the ex-fiancée in Texas.
All right. Keep me updated.
[indistinct chatter]
[Erik] I'm guessing there's no written
confession or some sort of manifesto?
I doubt Sutherland's the type.
But you can check the shelf.
Hmm. Why keep books you never read?
Pretension. Just ask 90% of people
with copies of Infinite Jest.
[tense music playing]
I got it.
"Warmly, Jim."
No return address.
[Erik] Also from Jim.
I guess Sutherland didn't appreciate
Jim's literary taste.
But he cared enough about him
to keep the cards and the books.
Patrick, run these for prints.
We're looking for a sender
with the name Jim or James.
Maybe this Jim guy knows where Sutherland
might disappear to with Maddie.
- This doesn't track for me.
- Which part?
This place, this guy.
I don't think he has Maddie.
Nothing at the art professor's apartment
points to him.
Nothing at the office,
nothing at the dorm.
It doesn't make sense to me either.
What does the White House
know about Sutherland
that they're not telling us
that makes him a suspect?
I'm not sure.
If they're wrong about him,
where does that leave Maddie?
Maybe we should be working this
from more than one angle.
- What do you have in mind?
- Still got that flyer?
[indistinct chatter]
- [Diane] Keep bugging him about that.
- [man] Yes, ma'am.
Valerie.
Call Senator Blaine
and cancel tomorrow's meeting.
Madam President.
- I could've come to the Oval.
- [Michelle] No, it's fine.
Thanks, Val.
[door closing]
- Any news on Maddie?
- [Diane] Not yet. But she has to be alive.
Nobody targets the VP's daughter
unless they want something.
And if they want something,
her well-being is their only leverage.
And if it is Peter Sutherland,
then what the hell does he want?
[Diane] Just guessing,
but he's always had a bug up his ass
about his father, saying he was framed,
"the truth is out there" kind of stuff.
Might be his way
of drawing attention to that.
So, what happened last night?
You brought him in, and then you lost him?
Every federal agency is working
around the clock looking for him.
No, damage control
is not enough here, Diane.
I'm wondering how this could happen.
So, what? He came in,
and you spoke about the Campbell case.
I told him to bring in Rose Larkin,
but he came alone.
He wouldn't tell me where she was.
He wouldn't tell me why he was snooping
around Georgetown looking for Maddie.
He didn't say anything
other than he was done helping us.
He's gone rogue.
For all I know, he's holding
the Larkin girl hostage now too.
You promised me she'd be safe.
If I knew then what I know now,
I obviously wouldn't have brought him in.
[Michelle] So you agree
you demonstrated poor judgment?
Because I'm starting to wonder if I did.
- How dare you?
- Careful.
[Diane] I have had your back
your entire political career, Michelle.
I helped you get the House,
the Senate, the presidency,
and now you're telling me
you don't trust me?
Not you, your judgment on this.
Everything I've done, I've done
for what you believe in. Everything.
Not because we're friends,
or we held each other's hair in college,
but because I believe in you.
Your agenda can do
so much good for this country.
I hope you know
I would never try to sabotage that.
I misjudged Peter, I admit that,
but we'll find him, and we'll save Maddie.
Michelle, I'm on your side.
We have been through a lot together.
It's true.
But I think you've got
too much on your plate right now,
so if you wanna protect the agenda,
focus on the day-to-day...
Moving forward, I think you need
to take a step back from this case.
[dramatic music playing]
[man] Welcome to New Leaf.
[door closing]
Awfully quiet. Staff on vacation?
Well, most of our team
went to the protest on the Hill.
I'm Dylan, by the way. How can I help you?
We're with the Secret Service.
Is this about Maddie Redfield?
You know her?
I know who she is. I know she's missing.
[Erik] What about this man?
Yeah, that's Paulo. Paulo Bonetto.
He's one of our core members.
He teaches at Georgetown.
He talked about
bringing Maddie around here sometime,
but it hasn't happened yet.
He was gonna talk to her
about it last night.
So you knew Paulo was planning
a secret meeting last night
with Maddie Redfield?
You... you don't think Paulo's involved
in her kidnapping, do you?
- He would never--
- Paulo is dead.
- What?
- Shot and killed by whoever took Maddie.
Someone who knew Paulo and Maddie
were secretly getting together.
Paulo's dead?
[Chelsea] Yes.
So where were you last night?
Um... Shit, do... do I need a lawyer?
- Only if you're hiding something.
- No, no, nothing.
I was here last night, all night.
How did you know
Maddie was with him last night?
He... he told me.
Paolo thought that if he recruited her,
that she could amplify New Leaf's message,
and he was gonna try to convince her
to record a plug for us last night.
And then he was gonna send me the video,
but he never responded to me.
Who else was in on this plan?
I mean, it wasn't, like, a plan.
Him?
[Dylan] No.
[Erik] What about him?
[Chelsea] You're not in trouble, Dylan.
Not yet.
Tell us who this is.
- That's Matteo.
- [Erik] Matteo?
- Matteo who?
- [Dylan] I don't know his last name.
Uh, he started dating Paulo,
like, eight or nine months ago,
but I haven't seen him for weeks.
[sinister music playing]
[Elliott] Rome Tome had the facts first.
And if people had actually listened to us
about Peter Sutherland,
about the metro bombing,
then Maddie Redfield
would be home safe right now.
And this is a message that goes out
to all of my loyal Romans out there.
We have a moral responsibility
to find this... this... this shithead
and bring him to justice.
[Rose] Doomscrolling never helped anybody.
[keyboard clacking]
Yeah.
[Peter sighing]
I guess I've always wanted
to be closer to my dad.
I finally got my wish.
What was he accused of exactly?
[seagulls warbling]
Classified documents were leaked, okay,
that compromised
U.S. defense strategies around the world.
Uh, the breach was traced back
to the FBI's counterintelligence division.
My dad was section chief.
And did they find any evidence, or...?
He died before they could charge him.
None of the evidence was made public.
[Rose] Well, if you knew he was innocent,
then why join the FBI?
You must hate them.
My dad,
he always had faith
in the institution, you know?
He taught me to believe in due process,
"innocent till proven guilty," and I just...
thought maybe if I kept that faith--
You could clear his name one day.
Yeah.
- Fucking naive.
- [Rose] I don't think it's naive.
I think it's a fight
you can't win right now,
and maybe there's a fight more important.
Yeah, maybe.
What are we gonna do?
Everybody in the country's looking for me.
Well, we could take the evidence we have
to someone in the press.
No journalist is gonna believe us
without a smoking gun.
Well, let's find it then.
What else do you remember
about the bomber that night?
I told the FBI everything.
They interviewed hundreds of suspects.
Well, can we check their work?
My portal access is revoked.
[Rose] Wait, you grabbed somebody's badge
at the White House.
What about Liam's?
Yeah, I mean,
we'd still need his password though.
Well, luckily, you know someone
with the skills and tools to crack it.
- Okay, you're a black hat now?
- And you're a wanted fugitive.
I guess we make a great team.
[both chuckling]
[tense music playing]
I just received this 20 minutes ago.
What... whatever you want,
my father can get it for you.
Just please let me talk to him, please?
Tell him the demands.
Just one.
"You have two days."
"Confess you planned the metro bombing
and covered it up."
"Admit who your accomplices were."
"If you don't, I'll have Maddie
tell the world what you did,
and then I'll kill her
for everyone to see."
Who the fuck is this?
And why are they giving it just to you?
Unclear,
but I have my guys tracing the email.
- What do we do?
- [Diane] We move forward as planned.
This guy's giving us two days to find her.
It'll be fine.
Fine? This is my family.
This is Maddie's life.
I don't see any cameras here,
so you can dial down
the sympathetic father act.
Oh, fuck you.
This is my daughter.
[Diane] It's a little late
to start caring about her now.
This kidnapper's not just asking
for you to fall on your sword.
He wants all of us hung by our heels.
She's right.
[sighing heavily] Jesus Christ.
Okay.
What if I confess?
I mean, who would even believe it?
A father of a kidnapped girl would say
anything to get her freed, right?
I mean, that's it, I'll confess.
And then when we get her back,
I'll deny it,
and no one will believe any of it.
Until someone starts digging into
the smoke and finds a fucking forest fire.
You are not surrendering to these demands.
If the kidnapper tells Maddie
what he knows,
even if we get her back safely, what then?
- I... I can control her.
- Can you?
Yes, as I always have.
What if I told you
Maddie was getting ready
to publicly humiliate you?
What are you talking about?
[car door opening]
[footsteps approaching]
- What the fuck is this?
- Open it.
It's your old nanny cam.
Maddie was making noises to her therapist,
and fortunately,
Dr. Hennings gave me a heads-up
about what Maddie was planning
to show the world.
You should watch it.
I did.
- Your daughter wants to ruin you.
- Why are you doing this?
[Diane] You asked me
to clean up your mess, remember?
Which I did,
reluctantly, resentfully, but effectively,
so you can keep your tired complaints
and woe-is-me defeatism
and accept some basic fucking reality.
You are on the plane with the both of us.
I am not letting you crash us to ground.
You can keep that.
We've made digital copies.
[suspenseful music playing]
I thought we were all
on the same team here.
We are. This just makes it official.
- [car door closing]
- [car engine starting]
Help!
Somebody help me!
[Maddie breathing heavily]
[bed creaking loudly]
[door creaking open]
[Maddie panting]
[keys jangling]
[lock clicking]
[Maddie's breath shuddering]
You can yell all you want,
no one's gonna hear you.
- Why'd you kill him?
- [Matteo] Who, Paulo?
Don't be too concerned.
He didn't like you.
You were just his mark.
Did he plan this with you?
Paulo was using you
for his propaganda campaign,
and I was just using him to get to you.
[Maddie] Whatever this is,
you don't have to go through with it.
It isn't too late to do the right thing.
I'm not interested in the right thing.
What are you interested in?
Revenge.
For what?
It's my dad, isn't it?
It has to be. What did he do?
- Maybe I can help you.
- You're helping me just by being here.
You don't understand.
I fucking hate my father.
You wanna take him down? I can help you.
[Matteo] Nice try.
I've seen your father's ads.
You're his flag-waving,
apple-pie-eating pride and joy.
You buy that bullshit?
It's a show. It's a performance.
You wanna destroy him?
I have something that can do that.
I have a video that will end him.
We just have to get it.
There is no "we."
It's in Racine, Wisconsin.
419 North Lake Drive.
It'll be worth it. I promise.
[door slamming]
[footsteps receding]
[Rose] Okay, the week that he died,
Hawkins was looking into
these 12 suspects online.
[Peter] We're looking for somebody
with a military background under 35.
- [keyboard clacking]
- Okay.
- That narrows it down to two.
- [Peter] Pedro Navarro.
Looks like he had a solid alibi
that night. Who's the other guy?
Colin Worley. Died?
He died the day before the FBI
was gonna show up and interview him.
The timing's suspicious?
I mean, there's not even
a cause of death listed.
Look how thin the file is.
No one bothered to look into the guy.
Or someone tampered with his file.
Okay, so if we prove
that Colin Worley's the bomber,
we can connect this thing to Turn Lake.
He might be our guy,
so just hack into the county records
and get the autopsy report.
- Come on, man, hack?
- Yeah, hack it.
What we need won't be digitized.
It's all on paper.
We can dock tomorrow,
and visit the Office of Public Records
like normal people.
Neither his friends
nor his ex-fiancée knows where he is.
And since Sutherland
is skilled in countersurveillance,
we have few leads to his whereabouts.
But we did learn that the art professor
was trying to recruit Maddie to New Leaf,
and his boyfriend, Matteo--
- The man in the sketches?
- Yes. He may have been part of that plot.
Investigating this Matteo lead
might be our best chance to find Maddie.
Nevertheless, Peter Sutherland
remains the primary suspect.
He showed up at Georgetown
and threatened Maddie's life.
He asked about a past event,
thought Maddie may have been targeted.
Sutherland ran out of the White House
through the tunnel
to avoid answering questions.
An innocent man doesn't do that.
It is possible that he and this Matteo
are working together, ma'am.
There are plenty of other agents
still out there still tracking Sutherland.
Agent Arrington and I
are only suggesting
that we work this from another angle.
[Diane] We're under
a colossal microscope right now.
People in this country
are on edge, scared,
wondering who murdered
the deputy director of the FBI.
If the public sees us
now abandoning the manhunt for Sutherland
to chase after
some sandal-wearing Earth-hugger,
we can kiss this administration
and our agenda goodbye.
- Isn't this a Secret Service matter?
- Stand down, Arrington.
Farr is right.
- Monks, stay on Sutherland.
- Sir, I really think--
Aren't you the one who let Maddie escape
right into the kidnapper's hands?
[tense music playing]
Then I imagine you'd use
all of your energy to find her.
That starts and ends
with Peter Sutherland.
Get going.
[door opening]
[indistinct chatter]
The stories coming out
of today's news reports are shocking.
Evidence of neglect,
of pain medications being withheld.
These are the men and women
we ask to risk everything
in order to protect us
and protect our democracy.
[cell phone vibrating]
- I don't have an update.
- [Diane] I may.
Two agents on Maddie's detail
caught the scent of something promising.
I pushed them back on Peter,
but we should pursue it.
- You got a name?
- [Diane] Just a first.
Matteo.
- That mean anything to you?
- No.
[Diane] He's affiliated
with some climate group called New Leaf.
I guess it's somewhere between
Greenpeace and eco-terrorists.
I have a sketch. I'm sending it now.
[cell phone beeping]
[Diane] You recognize him?
Yeah, I recognize him.
[door clattering]
[footsteps approaching]
[keys jangling]
[lock clicking]
The house in Racine belongs to a couple,
Frank and Denise Gimble.
We moved when my dad became governor.
The wife, Denise,
was murdered there last week,
and the only thing the cops found
at the crime scene was a stolen baby,
which I gotta say is weird as fuck.
- A baby?
- [Matteo] She got returned to the mom.
But there was also some damage
in a basement wall,
which makes the cops think
they took something from there.
I hid the video in the basement,
but it was a secret.
No one knew about it except--
Except my therapist.
Why would she--?
What was on the video?
[tense music playing]
- [Redfield] Why aren't you dressed?
- [Maddie] I'm not going.
[Redfield] Stop being selfish.
This event is sponsored
by your sister's foundation.
Your presence is non-negotiable.
I'm not gonna sit there
and listen to you lie anymore.
Excuse me?
You're gonna get up on that stage
and start crying about how Sarah died
because I wasn't watching her.
I'm remembering things
about what happened that day by the pool.
You always told me
that Sarah drowned because of me,
but you left the pool gate open,
you left both of us out there alone.
[Redfield] I'm sorry you have to invent
these stories to protect your conscience,
but I forgive you.
Sarah drowned because of you, Dad.
You keep blaming it all on me,
but you did it. Not me, you.
And I'm gonna tell the whole world.
You ungrateful, lying,
little fucking bitch!
- [Maddie screaming]
- [blow landing]
[Maddie] Get off me!
Get your ass downstairs,
and say your goddamn lines like always.
[Maddie crying]
I wanted to show the world
who he really is.
Why didn't you, then?
[Maddie] Because I believed him.
He would've killed me.
Then he got so in my head,
I started to doubt
if anyone would even listen to me.
[somber music playing]
Whatever you want,
whatever you're planning for my father,
we can do it together.
We'll see.
No, please.
- Please.
- [door slamming]
- [keys jangling]
- [lock clicking]
[footsteps receding]
[door creaking open]
[dramatic music playing]
[water splashing]
[Gordon panting]
[sighing heavily]
[sinister music playing]
You've been ignoring my calls.
I sent your partner the discontinue code.
Things are getting messy,
so the less contact we have the better.
He's dead.
I know.
So the mission is far from discontinued.
Look, I understand your feelings.
Shut the fuck up.
You don't understand anything.
Him and me...
we fit into this world...
together.
And now he's gone.
So you're gonna tell me
where Peter Sutherland is.
I don't know.
- The whole country's looking for him.
- You think I'm fucking stupid?
No, no, not at all.
Okay, look, I'll make you a deal.
I know who Maddie Redfield's kidnapper is.
I'll give you his last known whereabouts.
You find him, take care of him,
and I'll locate Peter Sutherland for you.
Deal?
[man] Here you go, miss.
[suspenseful music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
- [Peter] Hey.
- Hey.
They park their cars
in a garage around the corner.
- We should grab the keys while it's safe.
- Yeah.
Seriously?
Okay.
Stay safe.
Yeah, you too. Don't take too long.
[door opening, closing]
Shit.
[man] All personal items and purses
go in the bins to your right.
Move forward.
[detector beeping]
[wand warbling]
Good to go.
All personal items and purses
go in the bins to your right.
[inaudible]
- [Rose] Hi.
- [woman] Can I help you?
I'd like copies of all public records
related to a Colin Worley.
- Colin Worley?
- Yes.
Okay, you just need to fill out this form,
and I'll need to see your ID.
Oh my God, did you go to Cal?
No, my son's applying.
Not great odds being out of state,
but, uh, trying to manifest for him.
Well, if you give me his name
and his high school,
I could put in a good word.
I'm an alumni,
and I know some people in Admissions.
- Would you really?
- I'd be happy to.
[both chuckling]
Honestly, this school could benefit from
some good out-of-state talent, trust me.
Max is gonna be thrilled.
Did you park in the building?
Can I validate your parking
as a thank you?
Oh no, that's all right.
But there is something
that you can help me with.
This guy called Worley,
he was engaged to my sister.
I always thought
there was something off about him,
but my sister never believed me
until he disappeared.
He just vanished without a trace.
I just need to know what Colin's deal is
and where he might be.
Wow. I can certainly pull the records
as soon as you fill out the form.
Here's the thing,
Colin's associates are kind of dangerous
and very connected.
If they had something to do
with his disappearance,
they'll know that I asked questions.
So is there any way
that I can get his records
without leaving a paper trail?
I'm sorry, but I can't release records
without documentation.
Please, my sister,
I just wanna protect her
and just get her
some answers or something.
I understand it's a sensitive situation,
but I could lose my job.
Oh, well, that... that's the last thing
that I would want.
I'll figure it out.
And, uh, don't worry,
uh, I'll still reach out
to Admissions about Max.
Hey!
Excuse me, ma'am?
You forgot this.
They keep cameras in the office.
I hope you and your sister
find your answers.
Me too. Thank you so much.
Hey.
Hey, didn't I see you in that car
with Peter Sutherland?
Aren't you that missing tech lady?
I-- I think you're mistaken.
[man] Hey, where is he?
Is he coercing you?
- We can protect you from that prick.
- Fuck off.
[man] Hey, we just wanna talk. Come here.
- Are you helping that traitor?
- He's not a traitor.
- Citizen's arrest. Call the cops.
- Get off me.
- This is how patriots get shit done.
- Whoo!
[tires screeching]
Boys, boys, boys, boys, it's him.
- Hey, let her go!
- [man] We're bringing you in too!
- Jesus!
- [Rose] Peter, put that down!
- Come on, Rose. You okay?
- [Rose] Yeah.
[intense music playing]
- [Peter] What were you thinking?
- What?
Arguing with those conspiracy freaks.
- You can't reason with them.
- They were shit-talking.
- Who cares?
- I care.
I can't have you putting yourself
in a dangerous situation like that for me.
- It's not worth it.
- People need to know who you are.
You're the good guy in all of this,
and I'll fight for that.
- We heading back to the boat or...?
- Yeah.
Yeah, but they saw our car,
so we need to hit another valet stand.
[Erik] Jim Wilson?
That would be me.
[Erik] Secret Service.
We have a few questions
about Peter Sutherland.
[sighing] And you think I might know
where he is, Agent Monks?
When you took that bullet
for the last president,
your face bumped my article
off the front page.
I'm a reporter, Baltimore Sun.
Mr. Wilson, we're here because
you sent Peter some birthday cards?
Yes, I did.
He held on to them, huh?
Come on inside. Let's talk.
- [Erik] What's your relation to Peter?
- My godson.
Was my godson.
It's, uh, complicated.
Here, have a seat.
[glasses clanking]
[Jim sighing]
Peter's father was my best friend
for many years.
I never had kids,
so I always considered Peter
to be like my own.
We would take weekends
in the great outdoors.
Got a lot closer when his mom passed.
It's pretty tragic
what that kid's been through.
One loss after another really.
First his mother, then his father,
and then you.
I tried to keep in touch.
What caused the rift?
Difference of opinion.
After Peter's father died,
I started investigating.
I mean, who could have leaked
those classified FBI files?
I spent months on it.
Kept circling the same conclusion.
The most likely culprit was Peter.
Senior, that is.
You thought your best friend
was a traitor?
I didn't wanna believe in the facts,
but I was obligated to report them.
I'm sure Junior didn't take that well.
No. He felt betrayed.
I tried explaining it to him,
but the damage was done.
And when he went off to college,
he just cut ties,
and I haven't seen
or heard from him since.
So to answer your burning question, no.
I don't know where he is.
I don't know where he's been,
and I don't know where he's going.
What I do know is that
you guys are barking up the wrong tree
in this Maddie Redfield case.
- Why is that?
- Peter cares about people.
It doesn't matter
if they're friends or strangers.
He also cares what people think of him.
He doesn't step a toe out of line.
This is not someone who just up
and kidnaps the vice president's daughter.
Well, be that as it may, we still need
to find him and rule him out.
You know of any place he might be?
This was just two hours ago.
[man] Citizen's arrest.
We need to find Peter before he gets hurt
or hurts someone else.
[Peter] Hey, let her go!
[man] We're bringing you in too!
- [man] Jesus!
- [Rose] Peter, put that down!
I don't know what to tell you.
I don't know where he is.
You said you all
used to spend weekends outdoors.
- Where?
- [Jim] Everywhere.
Blue Ridge, Catskills, Adirondacks,
you name it.
You keep a camper? I noticed
a trailer hitch on your truck outside.
It's at my old place, down by Shenandoah.
Address?
[pen clicking]
- [Chelsea] Anywhere else he might be?
- [Jim] I have no idea.
[Erik] Is that him?
Yeah.
- Is that your boat?
- [Jim] It is.
I don't use it much anymore.
I doubt that Peter
would remember where I dock it.
And where do you dock it?
The autopsy report
says it's a drug overdose.
Medical examiner
found no indication of foul play.
Colin's rap sheet indicates a couple
of court-appointed stays in rehab,
so an OD is possible.
Shit.
Okay, well, his personal effects
were all forwarded to a next of kin.
There's no name, but there's an address.
The personal effects
include a wallet, keys,
and a keycard to a company
called Allontine Manufacturing.
You look that up.
Allontine Manufacturing.
There's no digital footprint.
Odd, but it shouldn't be a problem.
I just need to know where to look.
Oh my God.
What?
It's a subsidiary of Turn Lake Industries.
[tense music playing]
Shit.
These are his arrest photos.
He's our guy. Colin Worley's the bomber.
Wait, how do you know?
'Cause the guy I chased that night
had that exact same tattoo.
Turn Lake would know
how to murder someone, get away with it,
and make it look like an accident,
an overdose.
So Turn Lake hires Colin Worley,
you stop it, chase him, he escapes--
And then they kill him
to cover their tracks.
We gotta check out this PO box
and figure out who it belongs to.
Maybe his next of kin
knows what Worley was up to.
If we can find out
who he was trying to kill--
We might be able to stop Farr and Redfield
from trying again.
Yeah.
Okay, thanks.
Meet you back at the campus
once we're done here.
Shenandoahan police
checked out the camper.
There's no sign
that anyone's been there for months.
Almora's gonna pull me off this
if we don't turn up something soon.
Don't worry about Almora.
I'm not worried about me.
I'm worried I won't be there
to help Maddie.
I'm worried about where she is right now,
about how she's holding up.
Maddie and I would play out
different emergency scenarios
for if she was ever in trouble.
She thought it was ridiculous,
but she kind of enjoyed it as a game.
I guess I thought it was a game too.
I never really thought anything--
[tense music playing]
[Chelsea] Hands up!
I said hands up! Drop the bag!
- [Erik] Get your fucking hands up!
- [Chelsea] On the ground!
[Erik] On your knees, now!
I've got 'em.
[Rose grunting]
[Peter grunting]
Peter?
Yeah. It's gonna be okay.
[handcuffs clattering]
It's gonna be okay.
[music fades]
[ending theme music playing]